Notes From Washington

On November 13,14,15, the greatest thing to
happen in the youth rebellion took place in Wash-
ington, The largest crowd ever assembled in bhe
€apitol for a series of demonstrations against the
war in Vietnan.

The opening act was the Revolution at Dupont
Circle. The S.D.S, joined by the YIPPIES tried to
stage an over-throw of the South Vietnamise embas-
sey. From the onset the mood of the marchers was
that of violence, the pitch raised with every step.
The march left Dupont headed for the embassy, The
Washington police formed ahead of the march and s
stopped its progress. The marchers then attacked
with rocks, bottles and other projectiles, Having
been attacked the police released teargas. Though
uncomfortable, it was better than smashing heads,
Some of the protesters persisted in the attack
and did have their heads smashed. One shuch inci-
dent happned around the house which I stayed,

I stayed in an appartment of 3% rooms with
62 other people. Dupont Circle was just a block
away. Three protesters spotted a cop ear just up
our street, they then bombed it with rocks. The
police, *hree in the car and three on foot, gave
chase. The demonstrators stopped infront of our
pad_and the cops teargassed them. Two of the
violent people went down the street, while one

entered our apt. block. Here the cops split, two
waited for the guy ih the block while the three

in the car and one on foot gave chase to the other
two, Fne two officers outside our apt. teargassed
the doorway to force the radical out. Unfortunétly
Some of our kids who were in the apt. were gassed,”
Still no heads were busted, until the kid ran out
into the arms of the police where he kicked and .

= cont. on page 4
=

Male lg fr fot Vale
3 \

=
